Use importlib.metadata instead of pkg_resources (#132)
jazzband/django-widget-tweaks: CHANGES.rst

Changes
=======

Unreleased
----------

> * Removed usage of pkg_resource to avoid derecation
>   warnings. If you want to inspect the installed version,
>   use ``importlib.metadata.version("django-widget-tweaks")``
>   (`docs <https://docs.python.org/3.8/library/importlib.metadata.html#distribution-versions>`__ /
>   `backport <https://pypi.org/project/importlib-metadata/>`__).

Reviewer: Fix some typos, and remove the backport link, since nearly everyone runs Python 3.8+ now, and 3.7 is EOL in a couple months.

```suggestion
* Removed usage of ``pkg_resources`` to avoid deprecation
  warnings. If you want to inspect the installed version,
  use ``importlib.metadata.version("django-widget-tweaks")``
  (`docs <https://docs.python.org/3/library/importlib.metadata.html#distribution-versions>`__).
```
